Hey there welcome back in this quick video.
I just want to go over the terminology that we've been using again.
I'm just going to repeat it so that you really have it nailed the first one that we've learned about
is the idea of function declaration and function declaration is a way for us to create functions
like this.
We also learned about function expression and function expression is a way for us to create functions
with a variable like
this
and function expressions can also have aims.
It could be an anonymous function like this.
You're more likely to encounter this than with names.
But I want to show you both of those.
OK.
What else do we have.
We also had this idea of expression and an expression is.
Well this actually gives it a good good overview and expression is something that denotes a value.
So one plus three is an expression and we end expressions with semicolon.
If we do a variable A equals two that's an expression.
If we're returning something from a function we're returning true.
That's an expression.
So an expression it's something that produces a value.
OK.
How do we make a function perform that action.
Who will we call that calling or invoking a function.
And we do that by doing alert and then the brackets or we can do something like new function parameter
one parameter 2 and we call or invoke a function this way.
We also assign a variable and we do that by.
Well we assign a variable a true.
OK.
We also learn about function vs. methods or method and a function is something like this is a function
a method is something that is inside of an object like this is a method
so the way we access them is different function is accessed like this a method is accessed with a dot
in front of it
and there you have it a few terminologies that I've been using them hopefully you've learned them by
now but wanted to recap everything so that it really really sticks and this should make everything more
clear I'll see in the next one by.